(a) echo hello world

Echo is used to present a line of text, in this case "hello world". Echo essentially echoes the inputted argument back to the 
user as output. 


(b) echo {con,pre}{sent,fer}{s,ed}

This echo with the swirly brakets essentially does an expansion like in Calculus with the multiplication of bracketed 
polynomials except this time with strings attaching to the arguments. It looks at the first argument of the first pair of swirly
bracketed terms and then first argument of the second pair and then also the first argument of the third pair and conbines them
in this order to come up with a combined string similar to the distributive property specifically "FOIL". This command
then takes the first argument of the first pair and merges it with the second argument of the second pair then also merges to the
second argument of the third pair. Following this pattern, with three pairs, there is a total of 8 results. It seems
the first pair is more a prefix, the second pair as a root word and the third pair as a suffix that ends up with each 
combination of the merging pairs in this pattern. 

(c) date

This command takes the exact recorded date attained from the active date from the laptop itself and outputs it with the day
then the month then the date then the exact time including seconds and then the time zone then finally the year. 

(d) whoami

This command outputs the current userid for the account in use

(e) cal 2000

This command outputs the calendar in the classic calendar format with each heading for the month and below it the chart
format with the days and dates organized as a calendar. In this case, with the 2000 argument, the output is the full year 
of all 12 months in calendar chart format for the year 2000. If another year was inputted as the argument, then the output
would be the calendar for that year with all its months in the classic calendar format. 

(f) cal 9 1752

This command outputs the calendar for the 9th month for the year 1752. The first argument is for the month and the second
being for the year. It prints out the monthly calendar with the classic calendar format with the days as columns except this time
for only 1 specified month for a specified year.

(g) bc -l

This command first outputs the copyrights and the information about the creators of the terminal which is Free Software 
Foundation, Inc. It also states it is a free software with absolutely no warranty. By, typing warranty and entering, it will 
proceed to more detail about the waranty situation with mention of the Liecenses, and their businss address. It is also an
arbitrary precision calculator language.

(h) echo 5+4 | bc -l

This command uses a combination of commands, firstly using echo as a means to print out the result of the argument right after it,
in this case "5+4", but to do the actual calculation, without just printing out "5+4", it needs to pipe the stream of data, in 
this case the "5+4" to a filter which in this case is the arbitrary precision calculator, bc -l which then runs through the bc
and transforms the input of "5+4" from the pipe to bc back to echo to display the result of the piping which ends up printing 9.


 

